I can clarify it.
Isn't she just a fishing girl?
What are you pretending to be noble?
Let me explain.
I can clarify this matter.
Because I use our hard-earned money to curry favor with capital
Shameless thing
Disfigure him
Let the capital see his face as an outsider
Don't go
Security guard
Who is it? The more you say, the more wrong you are
The best thing you can do now is to shut up
Xu Xu, the most important thing you should do now is to hurry home
Let's talk about this when the wind blows over
I didn't do anything wrong.
Why would I betray you?
I can hide from God.
I can't hide forever
Instead of asking me
Why don't you ask your questions carefully?
If you trouble him for this trivial matter
Will he think I'm incompetent?
So it's kind of time.
You should also know who I am
Our Zhou family selects grandchildren very strictly.
Mingming Miss Xu's origin
Is it worthy of our Zhou family?
From the day I was with Mr. Zhou
I know exactly who I am
I'm also ready to leave at any time
Since Mr. Zhou disagrees
I can leave
Miss Xu, you are also sensible
No, Mr. Zhou, he has already given me a lot of resources.
No need for checks
All right.
This diary
Goodbye!